feat: add otellogs.additionalDaemonSets configuration (#2750)
SumoLogic/sumologic-kubernetes-collection: docs/best-practices.md

    kubernetes.io/os: linux
```

#### Setting different resources on different nodes for logs collector

> This section covers scenario, when you would like to set different resources
> for OpenTelemetry logs collector depending on the node labels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All of the log collector Pods have the same resource settings, being members of the same DaemonSet. However, sometimes it's necessary to vary this based on the Node - for example when some large Nodes can contain applications generating a lot of log data.

It' possible to set different resource quotas for different Nodes based on labels, resulting in a different log collector DaemonSet for these Nodes.
```
